AndroidX support for RN apps (#4517)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/platforms/react-native/performance/instrumentation/automatic-instrumentation.mdx

Slow and frozen frames are Mobile Vitals, which you can learn about in the [full documentation](/product/performance/mobile-vitals).

#### AndroidX Support

Sentry uses the `androidx.core` library for detecting [slow and frozen frames](#slow-and-frozen-frames). This is necessary to produce accurate results across all Android OS versions.

We check for availability at runtime, so if you're not using `androidx.core`, you can remove it from Sentry's transitive dependencies.

```Groovy
api ('io.sentry:sentry-android:{{ packages.version('sentry.java.android', '4.2.0') }}') {
    exclude group: 'androidx.core', module: 'core'
}
```

> Note that by removing this transitive dependency, slow and frozen frames won't be reported.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that if you remove this transitive dependency, slow and frozen frames won't be reported.
```
